Met Geng Chen and Li Mingjia
One has to die to make up my white trail
Do you want Geng Cheng to die or the Lin family to die?
Li Mingjia and I die
Well, let's get your revenge before the swim sacrifice
You are ugly
It's so late and still running outside
Ah, don't be so nice to me when you talk.
I heard you did it
The little white bone spirit who fought for you before
To baijie
You are very shallow
Go have a drink
I'm dying and I still want to drink
Come with me to Master Liu
Oops I don't go to that
Find the old beggar in the harem
It's so dirty, I have to go
Geng Chen, you are really my enemy
Yes, you ruined my good deed last time.
This time you're checking again
No matter how much Sister Bai likes you, I can't let you go
Don't do anything to Geng Chen
Please.
I'll find a way to collect hundreds of souls for you
Well, then it depends on whether you have the ability.